Documentation for SIG prefix list protocol (#3)
suprajasridhara/scion: doc/protocols/sigprefixlist/SigPrefixListProtocol.md

# SIG Prefix List Protocol

## Overview

> The protocol is designed to enable SIGs to automatically fetch IP prefix to AS ID mappings. It uses a distributed coordinated infrastructure with the following design and security goals. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The protocol is designed to enable SCION-IP gateways (SIGs) to automatically fetch mappings from IP prefixes to AS IDs. It uses a distributed coordinated infrastructure with the following design and security goals. 
```

The system should

> - Be reselient to hijacking attacks 

Reviewer 2: >reselient

resilient

>hijacking attacks 

Be more specific

Author: I added a little more detail

> - Be reselient to hijacking attacks 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- prevent hijacking attacks, i.e., only allow the legitimate owner of an IP prefix to add a corresponding entry;
```

Reviewer: As this list is part of a sentence, it should follow a normal sentence structure in terms of punctuation and capitalization.

Author: That makes sense. I changed it and the other lines that followed it to also have a similar scheme

- Be resilient to flooding attacks on SIGs

> - Be resilient to downgrade attacks to IP internet where SCION connections are possible

Reviewer 2: >internet

Internet

> - Not be a single point of failure

Reviewer 2: >Not be a single point of failure

Not be a single point of failure for what? The SIG operation in general?
Or should the system itself not have single points of failure in the services it requires and provides?

Author: What I meant was that the system should not have components that could be single points of failure. I added more description to the file

> To acheive the above properties the following services are used

Reviewer 2: >acheive

achieve

> To acheive the above properties the following services are used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve the above properties, the following services are used:
```

> - Mapping Service (MS)

Reviewer: Can you link to the corresponding markdown files in this list?

Author: Done. But I don't have one for SIG because that was not a new service

> - SCION Internet Gateway (SIG)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SCION-IP Gateway (SIG)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Publishing Infrastructure Services
    - Publishing List Node (PLN)
    - Publishing Consensus Node (PCN)

## Services 
### SIG
The SIG can perform the following actions:

> - Get mapping from Mapping Service:

Reviewer: Use acronyms consistently (here and in the following), i.e., always use "MS" instead of "Mapping Service".

>     - A SIG that requires a mapping from an ASID to an IP prefix queries the Mapping Service in CoreASs. 

Reviewer 2: >CoreASs

core ASes

>     - A SIG that requires a mapping from an ASID to an IP prefix queries the Mapping Service in CoreASs. 

Reviewer: Shouldn't the mapping be reversed, i.e., prefix -> ASID?

Author: Yes. I corrected it

- Add mapping 

>     - To add a mapping for the AS that the SIG is deployed it, it submits the mapping to a Mapping Service in the CoreASs.

Reviewer 2: >that the SIG is deployed it

that the SIG is deployed in?

Author: Yes

### Mapping Service (MS)

> A MS should be deployed in atleast one Core AS of an ISD that supports the use of SIGs.

Reviewer 2: >atleast

at least

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An MS should be deployed in at least one Core AS of an ISD that supports the use of SIGs.
```

> The Mapping services performs the following actions: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An MS performs the following actions: 
```

- Submit lists of mappings to Publishing Infrastructure  

>     - The MS assimilates entries from different SIGs to submit to the Publishing Infrastructure. 

Reviewer: Not sure if "assimilate" is the best word here. Maybe use "aggregate" instead?

- Reply to SIG mapping queries 

>     - The MS responds to SIG mapping queries with IP prefix - IA mappings 

Reviewer 2: >IA mappings 

Be consistent, either use `AS ID mappings` or `IA mappings` (short for ISD-AS identifiers mappings)

Author: I changed them to IA mappings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The MS responds to SIG mapping queries with IP prefix--IA mappings.
```

- Pull lists of mappings from Publishing Infrastructure 
    - The MS pulls lists of mappings from the Publishing Infrastructure and stores it to be used to respond to SIG queries
- Reply to Publishing Infrastructure queries of mapping lists for the ISD

### Publishing Infrastructure Services
#### Publishing List Node (PLN)
This service allows MS and PCN to discover PCN locations on the network by maintaining a list of PCNs that it has discovered through gossip.

It performs the following actions:
- Accept PCN entries from PCNs and store it 
- Periodically broadcast the list of PCNs it has discovered to other PLNs
- Accept broadcast list from other PLNs and update its list
- Reply to PCN list queries from MSs and PCNs

#### Publishing Consensus Node (PCN)

> This service stores lists with mappings that it recieves from MSs and lists that it recieves from other PCNs through gossip. 

Reviewer 2: >recieves ... recieves

receives

It performs the following actions:
- Accepts mapping lists from MS and store it 
- Periodically broadcast mapping lists it has stored to other PCNs
- Accept broadcast messages from other PCNs with mapping lists and update/add to its lists
- Query MS in an ISD for the mapping list of the ISD 

## Security 
To prevent hijacking attacks the protocol uses RPKI trust anchors to validate IP prefix - AS mappings and ascertain ownership of IP prefixes.

> To prevent flodding attacks against SIGs it is essential to enforce that an AS can create mappings only for itself. For this, the protocol uses the SCION control plane PKI.

Reviewer 2: >flodding

flooding

# SIG Prefix List Protocol

## Overview
The protocol is designed to enable SIGs to automatically fetch IP prefix to IA mappings. It uses a distributed coordinated infrastructure with the following design and security goals. 

The system should

> - Be resilient to hijacking attacks 

Reviewer: Here and in the following: The system shouldn't just be "resilient" but "prevent" the corresponding attacks.

Reviewer: Also, as this list is part of a sentence, so punctuation and capitalization should respect this. See my suggestion.

Author: I corrected that now according to your previous comment.

> - Be resilient to hijacking attacks 
>     - an AS should not be able to add mappings for IP prefixes that it does not own
> - Be resilient to flooding attacks on SIGs 
>     - allowing an AS to only create mappings for IP prefixes it owns also ensures that malicious ASes cannot launch flooding attacks on SIGs by creating false mappings
> - Be resilient to downgrade attacks to IP Internet where SCION connections are possible
> - Not be a single point of failure 
>     - the system architecture should ensure high availability i.e. the system should not have components that can be single points of failure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- prevent hijacking attacks, i.e., an AS should not be able to add mappings for IP prefixes that it does not own;
- prevent flooding attacks on SIGs, i.e., a SIG should only be able to create mappings to itself;
- be resilient to downgrade attacks to IP Internet where SCION connections are possible; and
- ensure high availability, i.e., the system should not have components that can be single points of failure.
```

To achieve the above properties the following services are used
- Mapping Service (MS)
- SCION Internet Gateway (SIG)

- Publishing Infrastructure Services
    - Publishing List Node (PLN)
    - Publishing Consensus Node (PCN)

## Services 
### SIG
The SIG can perform the following actions:

- Get mapping from Mapping Service:
    - A SIG that requires a mapping from an IA to an IP prefix queries the Mapping Service in Core ASes. 
- Add mapping 
    - To add a mapping for the AS that the SIG is deployed in, it submits the mapping to a Mapping Service in the Core ASes.

### Mapping Service (MS)
A MS should be deployed in at least one Core AS of an ISD that supports the use of SIGs.

The Mapping services performs the following actions: 
- Submit lists of mappings to Publishing Infrastructure  
    - The MS assimilates entries from different SIGs to submit to the Publishing Infrastructure. 
- Reply to SIG mapping queries 
    - The MS responds to SIG mapping queries with IP prefix - IA mappings 
- Pull lists of mappings from Publishing Infrastructure 

>     - The MS pulls lists of mappings from the Publishing Infrastructure and stores it to be used to respond to SIG queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The MS pulls lists of mappings from the Publishing Infrastructure and stores it to be used to respond to SIG queries.
```

- Reply to Publishing Infrastructure queries of mapping lists for the ISD

### Publishing Infrastructure Services
#### Publishing List Node (PLN)

> This service allows MS and PCN to discover PCN locations on the network by maintaining a list of PCNs that it has discovered through gossip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service allows MSes and PCNs to discover PCN locations on the network by maintaining a list of PCNs that it has discovered through gossip.
```

It performs the following actions:
- Accept PCN entries from PCNs and store it 
- Periodically broadcast the list of PCNs it has discovered to other PLNs
- Accept broadcast list from other PLNs and update its list
- Reply to PCN list queries from MSs and PCNs

#### Publishing Consensus Node (PCN)

> This service stores lists with mappings that it receives from MSs and lists that it receives from other PCNs through gossip. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service stores lists with mappings that it receives from MSes and lists that it receives from other PCNs through gossip. 
```

It performs the following actions:
- Accepts mapping lists from MS and store it 
- Periodically broadcast mapping lists it has stored to other PCNs
- Accept broadcast messages from other PCNs with mapping lists and update/add to its lists
- Query MS in an ISD for the mapping list of the ISD 

## Security 

> To prevent hijacking attacks the protocol uses RPKI trust anchors to validate IP prefix - AS mappings and ascertain ownership of IP prefixes.

Reviewer: Use consistent notation for the mapping.

Author: I've changed it to IP prefixes--IA mappings everywhere

To prevent flooding attacks against SIGs it is essential to enforce that an AS can create mappings only for itself. For this, the protocol uses the SCION control plane PKI.

To prevent downgrade attacks, a mapping entry in the system must always be returned and empty responses should be authenticated by a minimum number of PCNs. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# SIG Prefix List Protocol

## Overview

The protocol is designed to enable SCION-IP gateways (SIGs) to automatically

> fetch IP prefixes--IA mappings. It uses a distributed coordinated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fetch IP prefix--IA mappings. It uses a distributed coordinated
```
